<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-GB"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
    xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
    xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
<head>
	<title>Catalogue Example Page</title>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../resources/nbgardens.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://www.w3schools.com/lib/w3.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://www.w3schools.com/lib/w3-theme-black.css" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/4.4.0/css/font-awesome.min.css" />
	<style>
		html,body,h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6 {font-family: "Roboto", sans-serif}
		.w3-sidenav a,.w3-sidenav h4{padding:12px;}
		.w3-navbar a{padding-top:12px !important;padding-bottom:12px !important;}
		
		<!--Collapsible List-->
		.row { vertical-align: top; height:auto !important; }
		 .list {display:none; }
		 .show {display:none; }
		 .hide:target + .show {display:inline; }
		 .hide:target {display:none; }
		 .hide:target ~ .list {display:inline; }
		 @media print { .hide, .show { display:none; } }
	</style>

	<!-- Fix for HTML5 in IE9 or earlier - do not uncomment -->
		<!--[if lt IE 9]>
		<script src="http://html5shiv.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/html5.js"></script>
		<![endif]-->

</head>
<body>
<div id="body-wrapper">
<!-- Everything outside the ui:composition tags is ignored when parsing the page in xhtml.
     They are included here purely for design purposes. -->
<ui:composition
template="index.xhtml"
xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">

	<ui:define name="header-content">
		<!-- YOUR CONTENT GOES HERE -->
		<div class="main-container-policies">
			<div id="policies-Content">
				<div>
					<div class="policies category-name">
						<h1>Customer Policies</h1>
						<h4><a href="#cookie-policy">Cookie Policy</a></h4>
						<h4><a href="#privacy-policy">Privacy Policy</a></h4>
						<h4><a href="#returns-policy">Returns Policy</a></h4>
						<h4><a href="#terms-policy">Terms and Conditions</a></h4>
					</div>
					<div id="cookie-policy">						
						<h3>Cookie Policy</h3>
						<h6><b>What are Cookies?</b></h6>
						<p>A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which is placed by a website within a computer or device through your web browser; the cookie is subsequently sent back to the same website by the browser.</p>
						<p>Cookies are designed to assist your computer or device to remember something the user has done within that website e.g. remembering that the user has logged in, or which buttons have been clicked.</p>
						<p>There are specific cookies related to knowing a user is logged in or not. These are known as authentication cookies. Authentication cookies are important for the website to know what information to show you, or if it needs to ask you to log in.</p>
						<h6><b>Cookies cannot carry viruses or install malware.</b></h6>
						<p>By using the NB Gardens website, mobile website and Apps, you are agreeing to our Privacy and Cookie policies and consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies by us and our carefully selected third party partners as described in these policies. If you do not agree to such use, please see the Managing Your Cookies section for details on how to adjust your settings.</p>
						<h6><b>Why does NB Gardens use Cookies?</b></h6>
						<p>At NB Gardens we use cookies and similar technologies to facilitate reservations and home delivery orders and recognise customers and to understand and facilitate the customer browsing and shopping behaviour. This enables us to understand what elements of our site work well, and which ones don’t. We use this information to improve our website and Apps to offer the best shopping experience for you, our customers. Our website also employs cookies and similar technologies placed by our carefully selected third party partners to help provide you with relevant advertising and manage our commercial relationship with those partners.</p>
						<h6><b>Do I have to accept Cookies?</b></h6>
						<p>To shop with NB Gardens on our website, mobile site or apps, cookies need to be enabled on your browser. Cookies are used to offer a personalised experience when browsing the website on your computer, tablet and mobile phone, and are also used by our Apps.</p>
						<p>If you choose not to allow cookies you may have difficulties in using the NB Gardens website or Apps.</p>
						<p>If you are uncertain about whether you would like to change your cookie settings, please see our list of NB Gardens cookies below and how they improve your experience as a customer and to help you understand how and why we use cookies.</p>
					</div>
					<div id="privacy-policy">						
						<h3>Privacy Policy</h3>
						<h6><b>When you register and/or use this site:</b></h6>
						<p>Some of our services will require further details, for example, which will require further information to set up and maintain those services.</p>
						<p>In addition we may gather other information about your use of the website, including by the use of 
							<em>
								<a href="#cookie-policy">Cookie Policy</a>
							</em>
						</p>
						<h6><b>We may use information you give us or we obtain...</b></h6>
						<p>to register you with our Website and to manage any account you hold with us</p>
						<p>to give to companies and organisations whose products we provide to you e.g. product, home and financial</p>
						<p>to fulfil our agreement with you and to process your order and obtain payment</p>
						<p>to analyse and profile your shopping preferences (e.g. market, customer and product analysis) to enable us (i) to provide you with a personalised browsing experience when using the website and (ii) to review, develop and improve the products and services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme</p>
						<p>to administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter.</p>
						<p>to facilitate your transaction and browsing experience with us.</p>
						<h6><b>Crime prevention</b></h6>
						<p>In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may pass on information that we obtain from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, to other Group companies, other retailers and to financial and other organisations involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way.</p>
						<p>Without limitation to the foregoing we may disclose any information and data relating to you to the police or any regulatory or government authority including but not limited to law enforcement agencies in response to a request in connection with the investigation of any suspected illegal activities.</p>
						<h6><b>Cookies</b></h6>
						<p>This site uses cookies which are text files which contain small amounts of information that a website can send to, and store on, your computer or device through your browser. Cookies may be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our website to make our website more user-friendly. This may include, for example, remembering your postcode for you so you don’t have to re-enter it every time you check the stock levels for an item you are interested in.</p>
						<p>In addition, cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website.</p>
						<p>We are required to provide you with clear and comprehensive information about the cookies which we use on the site and to obtain your consent to the use of the cookies. In order to comply with these requirements we have prepared a cookies policy setting out information about cookies, detailing the cookies we use and providing information on how to manage cookies on your computer.</p>
						<p><a href="#cookie-policy">Cookie Policy</a></p>
						<h6><b>Security</b></h6>
						<p>We will treat all of your information in strict confidence and we will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.</p>
						<h6><b>General</b></h6>
						<p>Please be aware that our website may link to other websites which may be accessed through our site. We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked websites.</p>
						<h6><b>Changes to policy</b></h6>
						<p>We may amend and update this policy from time to time.</p>
						<p>Any changes in the future will be posted on this page.</p>
						<p>The date of the latest update to this privacy policy is set out at the top of this policy.</p>
					</div>
					<div id="returns-policy">						
						<h3>Returns Policy</h3>
						<h6><b>If you change your mind...</b></h6>
						<p>Most of our products are covered by our 28-day money-back guarantee</p>
						<h6><b>If there's a fault with the product...</b></h6>
						<p>Phone us on 0345 077 8888 within 28 days to arrange a FREE collection if your item was home delivered.</p>
						<p>Some products are excluded from our 30-day money-back guarantee. These are clearly marked by a † next to the product name. Product installation services that have already been started are excluded from the 30-day money-back guarantee. This does not affect your statutory rights.</p>
					</div>
					<div id="terms-policy">						
						<h3>Terms and Conditions</h3>
						<h6><b>Please</b></h6>
						<p>read through these terms and conditions carefully before using this website</p>
						<p>print a copy for future reference</p>
						<p>also read our privacy policy section regarding your personal information</p>
						
						<div class="row">
							<h6><a href="#hide1" class="hide" id="hide1">General</a></h6>
							<h6><a href="#show1" class="show" id="show1">General</a></h6>
							<div class="list">
								<p>We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions at any time. Any such changes will take effect when posted on the website (see date at the top) and it is your responsibility to read the terms and conditions on each occasion you use this website and your continued use of the website shall signify your acceptance to be bound by the latest terms and conditions.</p>
								<p>We </p>
							</div>
						</div>
						
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>			
		</div>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>

</div>
</body>
</html>